fix(curriculum): Update hint text for step 61 of calorie counter project (#53509)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/15-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures-22/learn-form-validation-by-building-a-calorie-counter/63c9bc53735149084390e5d0.md

assert.match(code.split(/function\s+getCaloriesFromInputs/)[1], /alert\(`Invalid Input: /);
```

> You should display the first element in the `invalidInputMatch` array after `Invalid Input:`  text using template literal.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should display the first element in the `invalidInputMatch` array after `Invalid Input: `  text using template literal.
```

Author: done

> You should display the first element in the `invalidInputMatch` array after `Invalid Input: ` text using template literal.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You should display the first element of the `invalidInputMatch` array after the `Invalid Input:` text by using a template literal.
```
